I'm gonna show you how to make homemade
mayonnaise now making mayonnaise at home
isn't as scary as it sounds a lot of
people don't like to do it because
there's a risk of it splitting or it
takes a long time as well here at good
food we use a really quick and easy
method just by using one of these hand
blenders now you might have them for
Purim soups and things like that but
they're also brilliant at making
mayonnaise now to start with we're going
to use a couple of egg yolks and then
I'm gonna flavor it a little bit you can
pop anything you like in there if you
want to add fresh herbs it's best to
leave that to the end though so it's
going with a little bit of mustard and
then just a splash of vinegar this is
just to cut through the richness of the
egg yolks with the oil now I've got 200
millimetres of oil you don't want to use
olive oil because it's too overpowering
so you use a milder flavored oil or a
combination of a couple say some flour
mix with olive oil pour that on top and
then we get ready to go with a hand
blender I'm going to pop it right to the
base and I'm turn it on and you want to
leave it there for ten seconds without
moving it that's the important bit then
after ten seconds slowly draw the
blender upwards and you should be able
to see it turning to mayonnaise as you
go and then I'll give a final couple of
blasts on it and it should be ready
and that's ready what was that about 15
seconds or so now I just want to flavor
it I've got a bit of salt and pepper
here it's nice to get quite a bit of
salt in there and then I'm going to use
a little bit lemon juice
at this stage you can flavor it with
whatever you'd like to chopped herbs are
really nice give that a mix around and
that's ready to serve and this
mayonnaise because it's got war egg
yolks in it'll keep chilled for about
two to three days in the fridge and
obviously you've got to be careful about
who you're feeding it to just because
again of the raw egg yolks let's get
that out it's as easy as that so that's
how you make homemade mayonnaise